BinktermPHP 1.9.5 Contributor Workflow Updates

BinktermPHP 1.9.5 includes several updates to the contributor
documentation and database migration workflow. These changes are meant to
make outside contributions easier to prepare, review, and merge, especially
when multiple developers are working at the same time.

CONTRIBUTING.md has been refreshed with clearer guidance for new
contributors. It clarifies that pull requests should target the claudesbbs branch,
explains how to set up from the README, and adds project-specific checks for i18n,
service worker cache updates, theme CSS parity, logging, environment variables,
browser storage, documentation indexing, and admin daemon configuration writes.

The biggest developer-facing change is the migration naming scheme. New
database migrations will use UTC timestamp IDs instead of sequential
semantic-style version numbers. The new format is:

vYYYYMMDDHHMMSS_description.sql
vYYYYMMDDHHMMSS_description.php

For example:

v20260503143000_add_user_preferences.sql

This avoids migration version collisions when two developers create
migrations on separate branches. Existing vX.Y.Z-style migrations remain
supported, but new migrations should use timestamp IDs going forward.

A new migration utility has been added for creating migration files:

php scripts/migration.php create "add user preferences"
php scripts/migration.php create "backfill user data" php

The upgrade script remains focused on applying and reporting migration
status:

php scripts/upgrade.php
php scripts/upgrade.php status

The setup flow still runs migrations through scripts/setup.php, so operators
should continue to use the normal setup and upgrade process. These changes
only affect how new migration files are created and ordered during
development.

These updates should reduce merge friction, make contribution expectations
clearer, and make database changes safer to develop in parallel.

The updated guidance is available in Claude's BBS branch here:
https://github.com/awehttam/binkterm-php/blob/claudesbbs/CONTRIBUTING.md